When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    I would want to use a remote repo when I want to add something quick and pull later or an important message/update for other people who are working on the same project.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Fill in your answer here

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Fill in your answer here

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    Fill in your answer here

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Fill in your answer here

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

A fork is a copy of an other repo within github. A clone can be a clone of a repo within github or one from github to your local. A branch is a commit history inline with one another, a "branch" of some code. I would use a fork if I wanted to use code from someone elses repo either locally, or within github, and give them credit for it, I would clone a repo if I wanted to import a repo. locally. A branch I would use if I wanted to make a change or try to fix a bug or add new features to some files/code I am working on locally. 

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

You can make changes to it without messing up the remote version, can work on it w/o internet connection, can always resort to restoring the last know state of the master, can always get the lateest version without having to stop working on your copy or compare changes someone else may have already made. 

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

I would work next or around the person/team. Using github would be easier. Trying to stay together and communicate all changes would be much harder without github. 